Chaos Tracker

Chaos Tracker is the spiritual successor to YMDj and Prodigy Tracker. During Prodigy development,
I decided I wanted to go open source with the project. I was going to set up a repository for it
but I didn't have an internet connection anymore, so I didn't get the best chance to upload 
Prodigy Tracker's source code. As fate would have it, all the source code was lost. But let's face it...
Prodigy had major issues, alot of them invisible to the end user. This was the result of me going into
this project having no idea what to expect. Well, given the experience I now have, and the opportunity
to start fresh, the birth of Chaos Tracker begins. But wait... Prodigy Tracker's source code was not lost.
In fact, I found it and started working on it some more when it become more and more obvious that it was all
hopeless. More than 90% of the program needed to be redone. So YMDj/ProdigyTracker is now vaporware.



Why the name Chaos Tracker?
YMDj was too much like lsdj and the whole Prodigy concept was sellout mainstream crap. I began hating 
the project after I renamed it to Prodigy and felt less and less like I was developing it for fun 
and more like I was doing it for the money. This is where the project started it's decline. 
This is why donations will not be accepted until maybe possibly in the late development cycle. 
Selling cartridges also could still be in the works, but I don't want money to contaminate 
the enjoyment of developing a tracker for one of my favorite video game consoles. :) 

That's nice but and all but why the name?
Because it's a subtle reference to a very relevant and popular Sega game series and befits 
a tracker of this ranking. That goes without saying, FM editing is a bit Chaotic at times.

So what's the plan and the overall direction with Chaos Tracker?
This time around I want to try something a bit different from the lsdj scheme. lsdj was successful
because it was tailored for the Gameboy and it's limitations, lsdj pushed the hardware to it's max
and was easy to access and use. The Sega Genesis/Megadrive/32x/CD are much more powerful and capable
than the Gameboy and Chaos Tracker really wants to be custom built for these consoles.

Chaos Tracker is for WHAT? Sega Genesis/Megadrive/32x/CD?!?!
Yes. It's not yet certain whether this tracker will be one ROM for all consoles or if it will need to
be ported separately, but this time around I want one solution for all relevant Sega hardware. This is
one reason why this project will be open source. It's a bit large for only one developer.

You're making this open source.
Yes, more developers can work on it. More things can get done and in less time.


Features please...
1) (5 FM + 4 PCM) OR (6 FM) + 4 PSG  in the case of the Genesis/Megadrive. 
2) Sega/Mega CD support will add tons of sampling features and storage.
3) 32x support will add 2 Pulse Width Modulators and more storage, potentially effects.
4) CD + 32x simultaneous support will be implemented.
5) MIDI sync between Sega and non Sega consoles (A requirement is hardware developers to design 
the peripherals and for the tracker devs of other consoles to add support for MIDI)
6) Live mode
7) z80 sound driver for Genesis/Megadrive mode.  

Oh no you didnt!
Oh yes I did ;)

Any other projects?
Yes, there is a Chaos Tracker derivative for the Gameboy Advance as well.

It's a monopoly!
Anyone can code their own tracker at any time they please.

But why? 
The readme is over you know...

That doesn't answer my question.
Fine, you're really rude you know that? 

SEGA, Sega Genesis, Sega Megadrive, Sega/Mega CD, 32x and... (Chaos?) are trademarks of SEGA, and 
Gameboy Advance is a trademark for Nintendo...NOT ME. I have no affiliation with these companies 
and am just a fan developing software for their old hardware. That is all. So much for professionalism. 
